good God Almighty this is like the
hundredth time on today's video about
snot in and flown anywhere however it's
gals the sheikh attari is trying to
teach beginners how to play a little bit
or make them sound like they can play a
little bit cuz I'm silly here one and i
still will come play that well i still
didn't know how to do you secret i
didn't even know what it is I think it's
that I don't know I bought a book and
I'm trying to learn a mortise porch and
Bobby crispy but that's about it now so
can't do anyway I'm going to show you
how to play the intro to classic by
tenacious d D and which i think is
really cool it's cool song in pick of
destiny good movie good album I like it
I like am the Yeti gone what's that I've
got him that's a good song he's got
names someone up look good there okay
then where's the Scotland and did
methods you can send them to every good
day oh no no one who's calling haha
anyway I'll shut up now apologies for
the cold I think it's originally in its
own right statistics all right it's am
originally bak in e minor although I'm
not quite up on my classical music and
touch and bad it's just a standard I
can't do the best I can do that no time
you got ready okay can I do I say let's
play I'm a oh ok how's it that's it
yeah it looks a sounds quite home
but it's actually not quite easy it's
just on a thousand second string and
really first college friends yeah that's
it so let's see how they actually
interesting statistic I was looking on
YouTube views no way I'll get that money
I'm sixty-three percent of people have
watch me oh right hello ladies click
like if you were a lady always do just
like this video let him probably help
there's a good likes not that I get many
anyway their shapes bay sorry sniffing
everything again ok so first is 2nd fret
first string ah you see if I get away
this done oh no it's not and you just
wake up get is first ring open in fur
he's littler than 90 second bit a second
Nathan forth on the second string a
session
about it
faster Nathan second second
then on the second string go to 45 rude
i was already in orgies for that yeah
thank you another quick guitar lesson
how to play it um I'm going to try and
do Barracuda I'm going to try and play
it sounds quite hot i didn't see if i
can do a little bit yeah it sounds
i need a little practice on that but am
I its hole in it oh my god stressing out
freaking out okay check out as it is if
you write them I'd 90 some guys is cool
I've learned how to play a bit better
now I sound a bit better now
sounds that bad i'm pavillion actually I
think I'm drying I am trying anyway guys
I don't pick them camera I'm not gonna
show you too close to my face cause look
at all but I am if you like it like my
video if you dislike it just like it
because it tells me that I'm don't yet
and I need to do better all I need to
stop doing these stupid videos no
similar to Baba